Move contributing.md (#2030)
WordPress/openverse: README.md

contribution as well, but may be less accessible or well-defined in comparison
to those that are explicitly labelled.

> See the [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](documentation/general/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for details.

Reviewer: Point to the docs site link rather than the file itself.

```suggestion
See the [contribution docs](https://docs.openverse.org/general/contributing.html) file for details.
```

contribution as well, but may be less accessible or well-defined in comparison
to those that are explicitly labelled.

See the

> [contribution docs](https://docs.openverse.org/general/contributing.html) file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[contribution guide](https://docs.openverse.org/general/contributing.html)
```
